DOCS-4068: Clarify GitHub Actions version number requirements (#4382)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/get-started/other-hardware/create-module/_index.md

   - `VIAM_KEY_VALUE` with the string from `Key Value:` in your terminal

1. From the main code page of your GitHub repo, find **Releases** in the right side menu and click **Create a new release**.

> 1. In the **Choose a tag** dropdown, create a new tag that is exactly three numbers separated by periods (`[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+`), such as `1.0.0`.
>    Tags like `0.1` or `v1.0.0` will not trigger the GitHub action.

Reviewer: [s] Slight wording tweak, remove 'exactly', replace counter-examples with 'you must' strong wording
```suggestion
1. In the **Choose a tag** dropdown, create a new tag consisting of three numbers separated by periods, following the regular expression `[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+` (for example, `1.0.0`). You must follow this format to trigger `build-action`.
```
